Update IM-Dashboard docs, adding new Change/Add Owner infrastructure operation (#440)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/compute/orchestration/im/dashboard/_index.md

  has the option to force the deletion. In this case the infrastructure will be
  removed from the IM service even if some cloud resources cannot be deleted.
  **Only use this option if you know what you are doing**.

- Delete & Recreate: Delete this infrastructure as the previous option, but once
  it is deleted it will redirect to the infrastructure creation form, with all
  the input fields filled with the same set of values used to create the deleted
  infrastructure.

- Reconfigure: Starts the reconfiguration of the infrastructure.

- Change User: Add or change the ownership of the infrastructure at IM level.
  Providing a valid `Access Token` of another user, the infrastructure can be
  shared or transferred to them. If `Overwrite` is checked, the new user will be
  the unique owner of the infrastructure (transferring), otherwise it will be
  added to the list of current users (sharing). **The new user must be member of
  the VO used to create the resources**, otherwise he will not be able to manage
  them.

  ![Change/Add User modal form](dash_change_user.png)

### VM Info page

The VM Info page shows all the information about the selected VM and enables to

> manage the life cycle of it. On the top right corner the `Manage VM` drop-down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage the lifecycle of it. On the top right corner the `Manage VM` drop-down
```
So the spell checked wanted life cyle but the terminology linter prefers lifecycle, let's agree with him.
